Hey [S], I hope you can see this message now that the chat has died down. I wanted to say congrats! I know you can do a little better but I always want to tip my hat off to you. Through thick and thin I will still be here to always support you. I know times are hard, but you always come back with a good attitude. I wish you the very best on your next runs, and hope you get an even better score. I will continue to be here and find new strats as always. Great job [S]. I am rooting for you always! You should be proud.
 
[S], I always knew you had it in you to perform the unthinkable and excel in the most improbable of scenarios. All I, the humble viewer, can ask of you is to continue to challenge yourself and to always smile. Heroes don't back down from danger, and you, [S], are my hero.
 
[S], you are literally everything a streamer should be, you play the game, you talk to the chat, and you truly are appreciative of your fans and viewers, I am totally bromancing right now, but I love you.
 
[S] u r fuckin perfect m8. you're a flower. you're also a rainbow and a river. you are the manifestation of all perfection and i want to i don't fucking know. i want this to not sound gay, but you are fucking perfect, [S]. ty for listening
 
[S] if i was to take 5 letters out of the alphabet i would put U R A Q T :3 <3
 
So, [S], this was apparently your "run". While the game itself is good and your speedrunning skills were top notch, I feel that you're lacking it in the "opening your mouth" department. Speedrunning also means interacting with the community, having a sense of humor and overall being a good entertainer. Cosmo is a prime example for this. Speedrunning is a mindset, it's a way of life. If you have an upcoming run in front of 1000 people (read: degenerates) then you must prepare for that. Go to bed early and wake up with a fresh mind. Nevertheless, I still enjoyed your run. I wish you all the best for your future runs and I hope that you'll improve your weak points.

hey [S], im a guy from brazil.. i hope you see this text. i saw the last speedruns marathon and from all players you are the one who i liked the most. you are such a nice guy! and it turned out that i became your fan. i dont ask you nothing but to keep playing and being that happy nice guy, because i feel so happy and great while im watching your awesomeness in any video games(Dustforce or The Sun and Moon or anything). i'd like to thank you and sorry for my english.
 
Hello [S] my nem is Yakov and from Serbia, every day I walk 17 hours in snow and bad wether to nearest magic apple box to watch your strem. i wan say thank for your strem and leting us who are poor in world an cant grow many potato to have coin to watch play cool gaems. Sorry for not propeller english, much love, yakov speshlov, age 11.

Stop hating on [S]. He is in a deep depression right now and you guys aren't helping him. Other than the #dustforce crew you guys are all he has. He can't take you guys constantly ragging on him. Yesterday I was on the phone with him and he was crying so hard, telling me how sick he was of this life. He went into a fit of rage and I heard things being thrown against a wall. He then hung up on me.
 
[S], I'm really disappointed in you. I heard that there were many sellouts on twitch, but I never thought that you were one of them. Everytime I watch your stream you ask for donations constantly and you don't even get to adult 1. YOur not even a real speedrunner anymore. WHen was the last time you finished a run? All you care about are those twitch bucks. You fucking asshole!
 
I was only 9 years old I loved [S] so much, I had all the merchandise and streams
I pray to [S] every night before bed, thanking him for the life I've been given
"[S] is love" I say; "[S] is life"
My dad hears me and calls me a faggot
I know he was just jealous of my devotion for [S]
 
[S] i am proud to say that i am a retired block of cheese from watching your stream! I decided to run away from the dairy isle to become the greatest OoT player in the world, and have currently moved from Kokiri Forest to Hyrule Castle in only 7 months! Thank you for your inspiration
 
Mr. [S] I don't like your stream at all. You are using glitches to destroy this amazing game. You seem very bored and the magic of Dustforce is gone from your spirit. Please stop glitching video games. If the developers wanted you to do what you do they would have told you about this! Glitching is cheating and if you don't stop glitching I'm gonna call the glitch police.
 
I am coming back from my 10 minute ban, and I want to say that I think it was bullshit. Yes, I wrote a funny paragraph that turned into copypasta, which happened to bring a laugh or a smile to a few people. If you mods wanted that to stop, you could have just said so, there is so much copypasta going on in this chat that I could have never thought that deserved a 10 minute ban. Mofat is probably a mod in here and he is the one that banned me. Anyway, I'm glad to be back and cheering for [S]. GL
 
[S], by the time you read this I'll be already dead. As of [TODAY] I decided to take my life in order to save so many more. I wanted you to know that there was nothing you could have done to save me. I have taken a huge tool, both mentally and physically and my only hope is for the world to realize what has been done to me. I have been kept in a government facility regulating my sleep and eating schedule to test the outer limits of human survival. They have trained me to be the ultimate soldier. What they did to me was torture and your YOLO attitude was the only thing keeping my mind off this trying times. Anyways, I wanted to say keep walking. Always. Don't cry for me, I'm already dead.
 
Let's pretend there's a community based around shitting in [S]'s mouth as fast as humanly possible. They've already established their rules and restrictions of how to and how not to shit in Duke's mouth. Size regulations and solidity regulations and what have you. It's a very respectable business and everyone gets along. Now, one day, Cosmo comes around. He's spent a good sum of money importing questionably legal Chinese laxatives. He then uses them to shit in SkeletonBill's mouth, and claims this as the world record for shitting in [S]'s mouth. This is literally exactly what Cosmo is trying to do to Ocarina of Time speedrunning.
 
Dear Mr. [S]. I have been informed through various sources that you have violated the law in many unforgivable ways. Act 420 paragraph 69 states that it is unlawful to use glitches in order to complete a game. Your actions in the past obviously break this law. See you in court, you despicable person. To make sure this message reaches Mr. [S], copy and pasterino this message.
 
[S] i am in love with you and i am not ashamed to admit it. your speedruns of this classic video game make me want to roll up all of my belongings and make my way right into your life. you are a shining star and your streams are always the happiest times of my day. if i have a bad day at school or work, I know I can count on you to cheer me up and that you'll be waiting for me here on the internet. even though I only know you through your video game playing I really feel a connection! we have a lot in common. well, what do you think??
 
Hi [S] I'm a Twitch employee and I'm stopping by to say your Twitch chat is out of control. I have received several complaints from your very own viewers that their chat experience is ruined because of constant Emote and Copypasta spamming. This type unacceptable by Twitch's standards and if your mods don't do something about it we will be forced to shut down your channel. Wish you all the best - Twitch
 
[S] IS ON FUCKING FIRE. He stepped his game up so fucking much that it was scary. He learned all the newest tricks with ease and the most deadly fact....he was more consistant at the marathon game than even Uyama . I literally had no shot at getting good at the marathon game before AGDQ was made so I accepted defeat and realized [S] was the only runner who literally deserved the marathon (this means he earned the right to represent #Dustforce on the fastplaying community if it got in and everyone in srg agreed with me). I've never seen anyone work so hard and the day I watched him do his first marathon with these new strats was the first marathon stream I've seen since my last gdq in january. That's how confident I was when I decided to skip offering a marathon
 
[S] is the biggest casual to ever grace speedrunning. He has no WR, no real skill, no charisma, and is just an overall ugly motherfucker. Look at those god damn teeth i mean jesus fucking christ, its 2013 get some dental work done. And for all you [S] nut huggers, the only reason you really watch is because of the autistic system that is [S]bux, witch again is another reason why he is the worst thing to ever come to speed running and probably twitch in general
 
[S] congrats on your about-to-be record I can't believe you're still improving your time, and nobody else is able to keep up with you! You truly do have amazing technical skill in this game (and the RNG gods are with you)
 
[S] was bd enough allready when he was using us to make his twitch veiwing bucks. Now he flat out asks us to donate to him so he can quench his unending thirst for the money of us innocent viewers. I can't believe you ZFG, I thouht better of you. I thought you did this so we could all enjoy you and have a good time. Now that I know how wrong I was, I never wanna see ur face again. We're through. #[S]CashWhore
 
hi [S] i em olombo bongo frm Somalia. erryday i watch u strem u are favourit stremmer i sell kidney for a laptop 2 i can watch u strem. i work in bannana facotry an 1 day i cum to america LAND OF FREEDDOM so i be lyke u and strem 4 monies insted of pick banana, WOO USAsss al pacino, malcolm in middle, stevo-o, mike 'the situation' sorrentino.
 