I have a REQUEST: could you please stop saying "RNG"? There is no "random number generator" in any games. It's all PSEUDO-random number generator. So therefore it should be PNG or PRNG and not RNG. I am a mathematician, this is important to me, thank you. Using incorrect terms make you lose unprofessional and amateurish and make you lose credibility (and donations

Hi, I'm a 66 year-old grandmother from Little Rock Arkansas. I know I'm not someone you would expect to be into speedrunning streams but I am addicted! I started watching Cooking Mama streams in late 2012 but I almost always watch Pokemon and Zelda now. Little Zelda is just so cute in his green outfit! I've even got a few ladies from the knitting circle to make a Twitch account! Anyways, thanks for the stream and keep it up!

Hey chat, hey Cosmo...Reggie from Nintendo here. I'm glad to see that you are enjoying one of our finer games, Ocarina of Time, but I'm going to have to ask you to refrain from breaking it like you are. You are NOT playing it the way we wanted you to, and you are having a lot less fun than you could. Please consider or your body won't be ready for the Nintendo Lawyers. Thank you Mr.Glitcha, and Game on! - Regginator

hi, i like eating melon and i really do like melons. Sometimes i think i am part of melon family. but yes i really do like melons. if someone ask why i like melons then i say because melon is good. i like every types of melon expect watermelon. watermelons are worst melons in history. watermelons are bad i don't like their taste. but other types of melons are good.i just bought hour ago 3 honeydew melons. i ate them there is no day when i don't eat melons.

PLEASE STOP USING THE GREY FACE MAN. MY GRANDMOTHER IN DARK GREENLAND WAS WATCHING THE STREAM AND WHEN SHE SAW SO MANY SCARY FACES IN CHAT SHE HAD A HEART ATTACK AND HAD TO GO TO THE HOSPITAL. SO PLEASE, FOR THE SAKE OF OLD PEOPLE, NO MORE GREY FACE.

▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ 
TO PROTECT THE CHAT FROM DEVASTATION. TO UNITE ALL SPAMMERS WITHIN OUR NATION. TO DENOUNCE THE EVIL OF TRUMP AND MODS. TO EXTEND OUR SPAM TO THE STARS ABOVE. COPY! PASTE! CHAT SPAM BLAST OFF AT THE SPEED OF LIGHT! SURRENDER MODS OR PREPARE TO FIGHT!
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ 

▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼Sorry, I've dropped my bag of Doritos™ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ► ▼ ◄ ◄ ▲▲ ► ▼ ◄▼ ◄ ◄ ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► ▼ ◄ ▲ ► 

MIKEY, IF YOU'RE THERE, MOM AND DAD ARE WORRIED ABOUT YOU. PLEASE COME HOME.

Hello, I am currently 15 years old and I want to become a walrus. I know there’s a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I’m different. On December 14th, I’m moving to Antartica; home of the greatest walruses. I’ve already cut off my arms, and now slide on my stomach everywhere I go as training. I may not be a walrus yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need, I will become the greatest walrus ever. If you have any questions or maybe advice, just inbox me. Thank you all so much ~~

Hey Mods, I hope you can see this message now that the chat has died down. I wanted to say congrats! I know it's hard to manage a TwitchTV chat but I always want to tip my hat off to you guys. Through thick and thin I will still be here to always support you. I know times are hard, but you always come back with a good attitude. I wish you the very best on your next timeouts, and hope you get an even better ban score. I will continue to be here and find new TOS violations as always. Great job Mods. I am rooting for you always! You should be proud.

Every day, I open Stiv's stream and sit down with a 100 pack of capri suns. I wait until the stream starts, and then it begins. I open the box and force myself to drink the capri suns. I have stage V diabetes and will die soon, but I know it is what Stiv likes. I feel at peace knowing that it is what Stiv would have wanted. Please no capri sunerino.

Stiv, nice ***. I mean that from the bottom of my heart. You have delivered one of the greatest runs I have seen since 1978. It's been a long time since I've seen such a good Barlamaba Kazeenia player, and it inspires me to plug in my sega 64 and give it a swirl myself. I just wanted to say thanks Stiv, you've changed my life in ways that I never thought possible!

This is the run. If these words could possibly describe the amount of positivity in my body right at this very moment, your screen would shatter in shock. This whole run is amazing. There's been tons of time savers everywhere, the sole reason he's ahead right now is due to his amazing amount of skill. He's also a complete and utter idol in the community and and helps people every possible chance he gets. He doesn't like you guys, he loves you, he doesn't stream for money, the only reason he still streams is to communicate with his fans in order to keep up with their life. He is a very nice guy in real life, he streams to get twitch's money to donate to charities. I can't believe he hasn't gotten WR already. This is a complete inspiration to all speedrunners.

Deuceler snapped the ball to the center fielder and ran forward dribbling the hockey puck towards the hoop. His badminton team needed a knock out to win the Arena bowl, but he didn't know if he could throw a slam dunk. As Deuceler bobsledded towards the finish line, he slipped on an ice cube and popped the volleyball, crushing his dreams forever

This is the [content removed]. If these words could possibly describe the amount of [phrasing deleted due to copyright claim] in my body right at this very moment, your screen would shatter in [Content ID match]. This whole run is amazing. There's been tons of time savers everywhere, the sole reason he's ahead right now is due to his [these words have been deleted at the request of the original owner].

Gr8 b8, m8. I rel8, str8 appreci8, and congratul8. I r8 this b8 an 8/8. Plz no h8, I'm str8 ir8. Cr8 more, can't w8. We should convers8, I won't ber8, my number is 8888888, ask for N8. No calls l8 or out of st8. If on a d8, ask K8 to loc8. Even with a full pl8, I always have time to communic8 so don't hesit8.

Dear Stream Chat. To whom it may concern: I have been trying very hard to be funny and clever in my comments and so far have gone unrecognized. This is hurting my feelings and self confidence. All I ask for is some recognition from time to time, a LOL or a Kappa , to reward my fun personality and clever nature. I hope you can all agree and will look forward to more of my awesome comments. Sincerely, [N]

YOLO = Yᵒᵘ Oᶰˡʸ Wᵒᵒᶠ Oᶰᶜᵉ

~( ◔◡◉)ﾉ CRACK HYPE ~( ◔◡◉)ﾉ

 ̿̿ ̿̿ ̿̿ ̿'̿'\̵͇̿̿\з= (Kappa)=ε/̵͇̿̿/’̿’̿ ̿ ̿̿ ̿̿ ̿̿ 

└[∵┌]└[ ∵ ]┘[┐∵]┘

My son, who suffers from mild ***, is now in his room crying after being called a "retard" by one of the people with a sword next to their name, then he was issued a mute for 420 seconds. I understand these to be the actions your moderators. Now, I allowed him to watch this stream because it is usually very family friendly and politically correct, we especially loved the marathon last year because the charity was so close to us, but this is crossing the line. I don't know how these people were selected for the position of moderating this chat, but it's clear they aren't doing their job correctly, and I doubt I will let my son watch any of your marathons again if this is not dealt with accordingly. If my son wanted to be told he was "retarded," he would go to public school.Thank you for your time, A concerned parent
 
Hey speed man, im watching you with my wife and kids. Could you please go a little slower? we're trying to figure out what zeldas superpower is. no mortal could go through the ground and stuff. also my wife baked some meat loaf for dinner, want to come over? thank you speed man and god bless

What's with all the parrots in this chat? People just repeat what the person above him posted. There is not even one ounce of originality in here.
 
I caught my girlfriend pooping so I dumped her. She said she's off to pee but was gone like 5 minutes so I knew something was up. I yelled "I'm coming in!" she screamed no but there was no stopping this, I smashed thru the door and I see her sitting on the toilet seat, I told her to get the fuk up, she didn't so I threw her off, I looked inside the toilet...just as I suspected, a goddam log, fuk you better pray this isn't yours
 
The stream starts, and so my spam begins. It shall not end until i am banned. I shall fear no mod, sub to no streamer. I shall live and die in the Chat. For i am the value in the bomber. I am the BM in the lethal. I am the salt in the defeat. I pledge my keyboard to the Chat, for this stream and all the streams to come.
 
Awesome run. Great speed. Look thick. Solid. Tight. Keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress vids. Show us what you got man. Wanna see how freakin' fast, solid, thick and tight you can get. Thanks for the motivation.
 
This chat is awful, literally ass, except ass can bring pleasure, and this chat is the goddamn antithesis of pleasure. This chat takes life from children and kittens and puts that pure innocence into phallic cancer pus. This chat is disappointment and hate of humanity funneled into barely literate text that takes intelligence and shits all over it before making a shit sculpture out of the souls of everyone watching this whore of a stream. Everyone in this chat is the dregs of humanity, if even that, content with postulating whatever ass talk they can squeeze out of the withered rectum of their wasted lives.

☠ WARNING!!! memeing is an incredibly dangerous activity. Avoid memeing if you value your life. ☠

you moronic fucks. stop saying urn. urn is not a fucking word. say run or just go fucking kill yourself. literally i feel dumber listening to you fucks say "TEH FUCKING URNNNNNN I'M GAYYYY" all the time. just fucknig stop for the love of god.

STOP with the fucking copypastas, it was funny when there were, maybe, two going around. Now it's actually inhibiting this community's ability to have meaningful discussion about the game. So just stop, this marathon is about SPEEDRUNNING GAMES, and the games come FIRST.
 
Now we have all had a bit of fun tonight and a giggle, but let me get serious for a moment. Every year a small number of people die from a debilitating condition known as death. For just a small donation, you can help find a cure for death and bring relief to hundreds of families all across Uzbekistan. I know this is probably just like throwing a bottle into the ocean, but if only one person reads this and donates, then it will all be worth. It's time to kick death in the tushy! #StopDeath #DonateToStoppingDeath #Kony2012 Thank you.
 
Excuse me streamer, I believe you are cheating because I am a music major and the background music is going precisely 1.57bpm faster than the song normally should play. Please stop cheating. Love, HDL
 
We should put this dog to rest. We've had a good run /srg/ (no pun intended). But now, we're just shitposting in chatrooms while watching people play video games fast. Surely there's got to be more to life and speedgaming, right? See you guys at SDA
 
wow you guys are pathetic, spamming twitch chat with random comments trying to win "kappa this, kappa that". you know what? I'm big on 4chan and im getting an entire community to come over here and show you what real swag is, you pathetic mindless sheepfuks. You just wait.
 
Hi, I am a Nigerian Prince. I have very much of money for quick bang. But I dont know what to do with it! First we sex, and then you can have some of the money for quick bang. Just send money back to this email. Thank you in advice.
 
Hi, my name is Michael Alehjandrahs, I come from Eastern Ulaanbaatar. I have the top family. I've always dream of being architecture. I also want to join family, we become Walrus, but only for the midnight. Thank you, having great day.
 
i love your strem i am a yung boy from pekistan (sory for my bed englesh) i drop out of my school to be a proffesional pro streamer
 
My name Dimitri Baryshnikov. I grow up in small farm to have make potatos. Father say "Dimitri, potato harvest is bad. Need you to have play professional Doto in Amerikanski for make money for head-scarf for babushka." I bring honor to komrade and babushka. Sorry for is not have English. Plz no cykapasta.
 
hi me name es paulinho i from brazil sorry me bad englondo i play 23 hours per day so i become the best player like dendi and fart AKA n0tail i don't go out of the basement because i no need to eat or drink because i play dota all day i also walk 2 hours a day for search internet so i can play dota i am very good please trust me please no copy pasterino is just my story

█▄ █▄█ █▄ ▀█▄

ก็็็็็็็็็็็็็ʕ•͡ᴥ•ʔ ก้้้้้้้้็็็็็็

Ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰̞̖̠̣̦̰̙͕﻿ _Ỏ̷͖͈̞̩͎̻̫̫̜͉̠̫͕̭̭̫̫̹̗̹͈̼̠̖͍͚̥͈̮̼͕̠̤̯̻̥̬̗̼̳̤̳̬̪̹͚̞̼̠͕̼̠̦͚̫͔̯̹͉͉̘͎͕̼̣̝͙̱̟̹̩̟̳̦̭͉̮̖̭̣̣̞̙̗̜̺̭̻̥͚͙̝̦̲̱͉͖͉̰̦͎̫̣̼͎͍̠̮͓̹̹͉̤̰̗̙͕͇͔̱͕̭͈̳̗̭͔̘̖̺̮̜̠͖̘͓̳͕̟̠̱̫̤͓͔̘̰̲͙͍͇̙͎̣̼̗̖͙̯͉̠̟͈͍͕̪͓̝̩̦̖̹̼̠̘̮͚̟͉̺̜͍͓̯̳̱̻͕̣̳͉̻̭̭̱͍̪̩̭̺͕̺̼̥̪͖̦̟͎̻̰̞̖̠̣
